h2. AS3 Signals Changelog:

h3. v0.9 - NeufGun

h4. API Additions
* ISlot: listener registration object with many features.
** A slot stores values of *once* and *priority*, replacing the untyped "listener box" objects.
** A slot can *remove()* its listener from the signal.
** Has *enabled* toggle to temporarily disconnect the listener without removing it.
** The slot's *listener* can be changed on the fly.
** Has optional array of *params* which are appended to the signal's dispatched values before reaching the listener. Similar to delegates that store extra args.
* IOnceSignal: has *addOnce()* but not *add()*. Useful for completion signals that discard all listeners on dispatch. Idea by @alecmce.
* MonoSignal: can have only one listener. Useful for callbacks and SignalCommandMap request signals. Originally implemented as SingleSignal by @stickupkid.
* PrioritySignal: like DeluxeSignal without bubbling (thanks @neilmanuell).
* Native Signal Sets: 
** @jonopus developed an easy way to snap on NativeSignals to Sprite, Timer, etc. See *org.osflash.signals.natives.sets* package.
** Created SignalSprite, SignalTimer, etc. as example base classes. See *org.osflash.signals.natives.base* package.

h4. API Changes
* Removed ISignalOwner, INativeSignalOwner and IDispatcher. They became annoying, e.g. casting ISignal to Signal just to dispatch. Moved their methods into ISignal.
* *add()*, *addOnce()* and *remove()* now return ISlot.  

h4. Implementation Changes
* add() no longer checks listener.length because ...varargs listeners cannot be detected.
* Dispatching
** @joa created a new, faster dispatching engine (SlotList) using an immutable recursive linked list (inspired by Scala). The list is like a snake which gets eaten by a snake, which gets eaten by a larger snake, and so on.
** NOTE: Listeners are now called in reverse order, for best performance. If precise order is needed, use an IPrioritySignal. 
* Enhanced MXML friendliness (ArrayElementType, better examples). 
* More inheritance between signals to reduce code duplication.

h4. Fixes
* DeluxeSignal: now handles subclass super() calls properly (thanks @stickupkid).
* NativeRelaySignal: better checks for null (thanks @stickupkid).

h4. Tests
* Increased test coverage significantly. Many tests from @stickupkid.
* Refactored duplicated test code into base classes, e.g. ISignalTestBase. This greatly increased coverage across various implementations.
	
h4. Build
* Build now has a "package" target to zip SWC and source together.
* Build now has a "clean" target to remove generated folders.
* Flash Player executes on Linux (thanks @joa).

h3. v0.8 - Maximilian - 2010-11-14

h4. API Changes
* Signals are now MXML-friendly! Example:
<code>
  <signals:Signal id="nameChanged">{[String, uint]}</signals:Signal>
</code>
** Constructors are now nullable.
** valueClasses and eventClass are now writable.
** Exceptions: NativeMappedSignal and NativeRelaySignal are not yet MXML-friendly.
* Renamed IDeluxeSignal to IPrioritySignal, a more functional name.
* New interfaces to grant access to methods that affect all listeners:
** ISignalOwner: extends ISignal, IDispatcher, adds removeAll().
** INativeSignalOwner: extends IPrioritySignal, INativeDispatcher, adds removeAll().
** These 2 interfaces cannot be merged because dispatch(event:Event) conflicts with dispatch(...valueObjects).
** Thanks to "Brian Heylin":http://github.com/brianheylin for getting the ball rolling.

h4. Fixes
* "#24 - Changing NativeSignal.target wasn't removing listeners from target.":http://github.com/robertpenner/as3-signals/issues/closed#issue/24
* "#32 - FIX: Setting NativeSignal.eventClass to null and dispatching causes null exception.":http://github.com/robertpenner/as3-signals/issues/closed#issue/32

h4. Build
* Added continuous integration and unit test execution Ant targets: "ci" and "test".
* Updated AsUnit 4 SWC: test failure call stack is more concise and readable.
* Removed build-asunit.xml as its functionality has been merged into build.xml.


h3. v0.7 - Bubblap - 2010-05-27

h4. API Changes
* Added NativeMappedSignal class from "Brian Heylin":http://github.com/brianheylin, with great "test coverage":http://github.com/brianheylin/as3-signals/tree/master/tests/org/osflash/signals/natives/.
** Addresses "#16 - Add ability to map native events to signals":http://github.com/robertpenner/as3-signals/issues/closed#issue/16
* DeluxeSignal has a simpler way to continue bubbling without re-dispatching the event.
** IBubbleEventHandler.onEventBubbled() now returns true/false to continue/cancel bubbling.
** Thanks to "secoif":http://github.com/secoif for the original code and "dehash":http://www.dehash.com/?p=241h for helping with the merge.
* ISignal and IDeluxeSignal: add(), addOnce() and remove() now return the listener.
** Thanks to "sammyt":http://github.com/sammyt for the contribution with unit tests.

h4. Fixes
* Improved error message for Signal.dispatch() with too few arguments.

h4. Test Changes
* The test suite is migrated to a newer version of AsUnit 4.
** Tests now receive an IAsync using [Inject]. No more Asyncleton!
** The migration pattern can be seen in "commit f6878.":http://github.com/robertpenner/as3-signals/commit/f6878dbbff95e0bd7832cc2d1cc2e7d55fb18098
** AllTestsRunner uses a "new composition pattern":http://github.com/robertpenner/as3-signals/commit/866a99570152b7399aa34839fd5c30789db67f3c instead of inheritance.
** Many thanks to "Luke Bayes":http://github.com/lukebayes and the "Bay Area Computer Club":http://github.com/bayareacomputerclub.
* Added more tests for argument dispatching and consolidated in SignalDispatchArgsTest.

h3. v0.6 - GreenDay - 2010-03-17

h4. API Changes
* "#15 - IDeluxeSignal and NativeSignal now have valueClasses property":http://github.com/robertpenner/as3-signals/issues/closed#issue/15

h4. Fixes
* "#14 - NativeSignal.addOnce() can't be reused after native event dispatched":http://github.com/robertpenner/as3-signals/issues/closed#issue/14

h4. Implementation Changes
* Optimized listeners array cloning to use slice(), which is faster than concat().
* Optimized dispatch() by moving the cloning of listeners to add(), addOnce(), and remove().
* Signal.removeAll() now uses remove() on every listener, instead of fast array clearing. This is intended to avoid possible issues with subclass overrides (as happened before with NativeRelaySignal.remove()).
* Renamed createListenerRelationship() to registerListener().
* Consolidated add() and addOnce() logic in registerListener().
* Removed onceListeners Dictionary from DeluxeSignal and NativeSignal.
* DeluxeSignal and NativeSignal are now more unified in their "once listeners" internal implementations.
* Removed an extra semicolon which made FDT cry (thanks "vitch":http://github.com/vitch).

h4. Test Changes
* Removed async [Test] metadata because AsUnit 4 no longer uses it.
* Updated the AsUnit 4 SWC to newer version which avoids slowdown of Timers in Flash Player 10.1.
* Added tests for ambiguous relationships in Signal.
* Added tests for adding a listener during a dispatch().

h3. v0.5 - GlassHalfFull - 2010-02-08

* Added versioning to the Ant build, starting at 0.5.
